Navigation Controls
-------------------

The "New event" link should probably not be present when only remote events
are being aggregated by a calendar.

Improve the accessibility of controls by providing links with titles and
offering links as alternatives to pop-up elements.

Points in Time
--------------

Consider making dates convertible to timespans of the form (start of day,
start of next day).

Localised Keywords
------------------

It should be possible to define events using localised equivalents of "start",
"end", "summary" and so on. To achieve this, the page language would be found
and regular expressions built to use the localised keywords, falling back on
the English keywords, would then search for event details.

Recurring Events
----------------

Recurring event information from iCalendar sources should be considered in
order to avoid showing incomplete or incorrect event datetimes. Ultimately,
such information may need to be parsed and incorporated into the general event
recurrence processing.

Having events recur at certain intervals would potentially involve the
expansion of events to produce multiple instances within a specified period of
interest, and such expansion could occur after an event's details have been
read. Care would need to be taken in cases where no limits are placed on a
calendar: the expanded instances should not be allowed to recede into the past
and future indefinitely; where no other events exist to provide implicit
limits, some other default limits might be required to let the expansion
occur.

The description of recurring events could be based on the iCalendar
specification, although simpler schemes could be preferable. Recurring event
descriptions might start with "every" and then provide a time period ("day",
"week", "month", "year") for offsets from a specified date or time, perhaps
using qualifiers ("first", "second", "other", and so on), or instead provide a
more complete description using additional qualifiers that may override any
specified date or time for instances other than the primary occurrence. For
example, "every second Wednesday of every other month".

The resolution of each successive <recurrence> would need to be lower than
those it follows. Thus, "every second day of every second week..." would be
valid whereas "every second week of every second day..." would not.

Map Views
---------

Other projections might be supported. This would be necessary for various
retrieved map images.

Dynamic images obtained from other sites or generated locally might provide some
enhancements to the map view. For example, a weather/radar image might show the
cloud or rain forecast either for the current situation or, if forecasts are
available, for the times of events shown.

Consider having day numbers down the side of a map view with highlighted days
indicating days having events, and with pop-up elements shown upon hovering over
each highlighted day.

To Do Items
-----------

Consider adding support for "to do" items. These might have time-related details
such as deadlines, but are more likely to have relationships with other items,
potentially forming a hierarchy of items.

Event Section Parser
--------------------

Events in page sections/regions could be presented using more sophisticated
methods and potentially be editable. To support direct editing, the parser
would provide a hidden form field indicating the location of the section in
the Wiki text, and the new event action would be enhanced to read existing
events from the indicated page region, populating the form fields with the
data found in the page.

UID Properties
--------------

Especially in the case of aggregation from multiple sources, the only reliable
way of avoiding repetition of the same events described in different places is
for authors to include a UID property identifying each event, using the same
value regardless of where the event is being published.

Formatting in iCalendar Output
------------------------------

If there is a reasonably standard way of incorporating Wiki text in iCalendar
output alongside plain text, this would enable events aggregated from Wiki
sources to use Wiki text to describe things like the location and topics of an
event with links and other formatting that could then be reproduced in the
aggregating Wiki.

Remote Source Timeouts
----------------------

Sometimes, network problems can cause delays in accessing remote sources. The
library should support either a timeout mechanism or asynchronous retrieval of
remote source data.
